planner: add variable tidb_enable_inl_join_inner_multi_pattern (#12944)
pingcap/docs: system-variables.md

    - If the TiDB version before the upgrade is earlier than v6.1.0, the default value of this variable after the upgrade is `ON`.
    - If the TiDB version before the upgrade is v6.1.0 or later, the default value of the variable after the upgrade follows the value before the upgrade.

### `tidb_enable_inl_join_inner_multi_pattern` <span class="version-mark">New in v7.0.0</span>

- Scope: SESSION | GLOBAL
- Persists to cluster: Yes
- Type: Boolean
- Default value: `OFF`

> - This variable controls whether the inner table of Index Join supports `Selection` or `Projection` operators.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- This variable controls whether to support Index Join if the inner table has`Selection` or `Projection` operators above it.
```

> - This variable controls whether the inner table of Index Join supports `Selection` or `Projection` operators.

Author: ```suggestion
- This variable controls whether Index Join is supported when the inner table has `Selection` or `Projection` operators on it.
```
@chrysan PTAL

Reviewer: LGTM

> - This variable controls whether Index Join is supported when the inner table has `Selection` or `Projection` operators on it.

Author: ```suggestion
- This variable controls whether Index Join is supported when the inner table has `Selection` or `Projection` operators on it. The default value `OFF` means that Index Join is not supported in this scenario.
```
